Hi there i am planning to build an App rat bot
at intial level : I just want UI part (React) and backend (to be implemented later on)
once both are ready , i will create a exe file so that anyone can use it

Now lets start building UI:
Use react to build basic UI
Header should have a bot logo (provide image option) --> at centre write : App Rationaltization ant right put company logo

FUnctionalities:
left pane (divide 40:60 ratio) --> left pane 40%
1. User can upload an excel,csv file (with fixed column names and numbers) -> provide upload section (drag/drop as well) and a upload button to load it
2. Then next section will be industry selection ( dropdown --> give 4-5 indusrty names, so that)
3. A button below to start mapping taxonomy to excel (backend operation) --> can provide a progress bar below as well
4. provide Gartene Mapping button: to map the output to best in class gartner SWs , again backend operation along with progress bar
5. Output section will be shown on UI to download the generated PPT  --> only visible section after gartner mapping 100% done (show sectio with PPT symbol and header Bot output--> user will click anywhere here PPT will be downloaded


Rigth pane: mostly status pane and output flashing of all the steps on the left pane
1. bot process status (file upload successsfully
2. Industry selected 
3. starting on mapping ... once 100% progress bar done on left side , show them output in tabular form 
4. output of gartner mapping best in class softwares : once 100% progress bar done on left side , show them output in tabular form 
5. Once click on PPT download: Status shows output is downloaded




next update: 
1. I have provided you company logo , ppt logo & Bot logo, update them accordingly and move them relevant folder
2. Please increase text size a bit bigger
3. Mapping section (remove header mapping, just button is fine) and make progress bar right of button (50-50 ratio)
4. same for gartner mapping button
5.  provide option to choose theme color (if already implemented , point out i will change it accordingly)
6. remove parting line between left and right pane, not looking good


next update:

